Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Liberal Society: The score reflects attitudes towards personal lifestyle freedom, privacy protection, handling of taboo topics, and religious matters, including the role of religion and church for individuals and the state. It indicates the individual's stance on freedom of expression and belief, as well as the protection of privacy and personal data. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 implies support for unrestricted movement, expression, belief, and lifestyle choices, with rights to freedom protected by the state. Conversely, a score of 1 suggests advocating for complete state-imposed restrictions on freedom to safeguard societal structure and well-being. 

2. Law and Order: The score reflects attitudes towards public safety measures, including government interventions, criminal law effectiveness, and personal self-defense rights. On a scale of 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests support for stricter laws and bolstered security forces, while a score of 1 indicates opposition to these measures, advocating that existing laws and security forces are sufficient for maintaining public safety in Switzerland.

3. Restrictive Financial Policy: The score reflects the attitudes towards government spending proposals, including austerity measures, budget changes, and tax adjustments. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 indicates advocating for restricted spending across all sectors, while a score of 1 suggests advocating for increased government spending to enhance citizen access to services.

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Liberal Society is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.38/1, while the axis Law and Order is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.33/1 and the axis Restrictive Financial Policy is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.29/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

The referendum asks from Federal Council to indicate the necessary legal bases for the Swiss National Bank (SNB) to establish an anonymous electronic payment system called GNU. GNU-Taler is designed to limit anonymity to the buyer, while allowing the seller, most often a company, to correctly declare their income. In this way, it is possible to largely prevent the anonymous payment from being misused which should promote security and scalability.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.