Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 2 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Restrictive Financial Policy: The score reflects the attitudes towards government spending proposals, including austerity measures, budget changes, and tax adjustments. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 indicates advocating for restricted spending across all sectors, while a score of 1 suggests advocating for increased government spending to enhance citizen access to services.

2. Law and Order: The score reflects attitudes towards public safety measures, including government interventions, criminal law effectiveness, and personal self-defense rights. On a scale of 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests support for stricter laws and bolstered security forces, while a score of 1 indicates opposition to these measures, advocating that existing laws and security forces are sufficient for maintaining public safety in Switzerland.

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Restrictive Financial Policy is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.53/1, and the axis Law and Order is related to the referendum with a score of 0.47/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

The referendum asks for measures and monitoring ensuring that the cantons correctly and uniformly apply article 14 LIFD relating to tax according to expenditure. The LIFD clearly defines the conditions and rules in the area of tax based on expenditure, but no monitoring is implemented when the cantons did not respect them at least partially.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.