Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Restrictive Financial Policy: The score reflects the attitudes towards government spending proposals, including austerity measures, budget changes, and tax adjustments. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 indicates advocating for restricted spending across all sectors, while a score of 1 suggests advocating for increased government spending to enhance citizen access to services.

2. Liberal Economy: The score reflects views on privatization, state institution autonomy in essential services (e.g., healthcare, education, food supply), reducing restrictive regulations, promoting competition, and sector-specific subsidies. On a scale from 1 to 5, score of 5 indicates strong support for privatization and unrestricted competition in all sectors, while a score of 1 signifies advocating for state ownership and government-led production and services.

3. Expanded Welfare State: The score reflects individuals' attitudes towards the extent and accessibility of state social benefits, as well as government social programs. It also encompasses perspectives on promoting private retirement savings and social responsibility. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests advocating for expanded and affordable public services across all areas, while a score of 1 indicates a belief that it's not the state's responsibility to provide such benefits, and individuals should be self-reliant. 

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Restrictive Financial Policy is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.4/1, while the axis Liberal Economy is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.32/1 and the axis Expanded Welfare State is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.28/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

The price of oil increases as per the war on Ukraine but the oil companies worldwide are announcing profit. The referendum calls for a report and a legislative modification based on the report in order to allow the superprofits of energy companies to be taxed and the additional revenue thus collected should be allocated to reducing the energy expenditure of households and SMEs (small and medium sized enterprises).

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.