Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Liberal Society: The score reflects attitudes towards personal lifestyle freedom, privacy protection, handling of taboo topics, and religious matters, including the role of religion and church for individuals and the state. It indicates the individual's stance on freedom of expression and belief, as well as the protection of privacy and personal data. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 implies support for unrestricted movement, expression, belief, and lifestyle choices, with rights to freedom protected by the state. Conversely, a score of 1 suggests advocating for complete state-imposed restrictions on freedom to safeguard societal structure and well-being. 

2. Expanded Welfare State: The score reflects individuals' attitudes towards the extent and accessibility of state social benefits, as well as government social programs. It also encompasses perspectives on promoting private retirement savings and social responsibility. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests advocating for expanded and affordable public services across all areas, while a score of 1 indicates a belief that it's not the state's responsibility to provide such benefits, and individuals should be self-reliant.

3. Restrictive Financial Policy: The score reflects the attitudes towards government spending proposals, including austerity measures, budget changes, and tax adjustments. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 indicates advocating for restricted spending across all sectors, while a score of 1 suggests advocating for increased government spending to enhance citizen access to services.

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Liberal Society is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.38/1, while the axis Expanded Welfare State is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.36/1 and the axis Restrictive Financial Policy is related to the referendum with a score of 0.26/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

By this referendum, the parliament is responsible for making the necessary legislative changes so that the urban projects being carried out around stations do not lead to an explosion in the sale prices and rents of housing and commercial premises. So that affordable housing can be maintained or a significant increase in the price of already expensive housing in areas most often located in the heart of a city or district is prevented. Permanent monitoring of the prices is justified by this referendum.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.