Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Open Foreign Policy: The score reflects the stance on Switzerland's engagement with the European Union, other international organizations, and global trade. It summarizes views on commitments to bilateral agreements, cooperation with foreign armed forces, and free trade. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 indicates full support for Switzerland's compliance with agreements and cooperation with international bodies, while a score of 1 signifies opposition to such engagement, preferring independence from international organizations and trade agreements.

2. Extended Environmental Protection: The score reflects attitudes towards state-supported environmental measures, promotion of renewable energy sources, public transportation expansion, and restrictions on private motorized transport. It also encompasses views on animal welfare, biodiversity, native wildlife reintroduction, and conservation projects. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 indicates strong advocacy for extensive environmental and biodiversity protection measures, while a score of 1 prioritizes economic indicators over natural resource conservation. 

3. Liberal Economy: The score reflects views on privatization, state institution autonomy in essential services (e.g., healthcare, education, food supply), reducing restrictive regulations, promoting competition, and sector-specific subsidies. On a scale from 1 to 5, score of 5 indicates strong support for privatization and unrestricted competition in all sectors, while a score of 1 signifies advocating for state ownership and government-led production and services.

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Open Foreign Policy is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.38/1, while the axis Extended Environmental Protection is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.33/1 and the axis Liberal Economy is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.29/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

Companies that produce and recycle metal, particularly steel and aluminum producers and foundries, are being hit hard by industrial policy under the "Green Deal" and European Union energy policy. Thanks to this sector, which is the cornerstone of the circular economy in Switzerland, aluminum and steel waste is fully reused. The referendum offers a package of measures to mitigate market imbalances caused by the European Union"s determined energy and industrial policy in favor of the steel and aluminum industry.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.