Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Liberal Economy: The score reflects views on privatization, state institution autonomy in essential services (e.g., healthcare, education, food supply), reducing restrictive regulations, promoting competition, and sector-specific subsidies. On a scale from 1 to 5, score of 5 indicates strong support for privatization and unrestricted competition in all sectors, while a score of 1 signifies advocating for state ownership and government-led production and services.

2. Law and Order: The score reflects attitudes towards public safety measures, including government interventions, criminal law effectiveness, and personal self-defense rights. On a scale of 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests support for stricter laws and bolstered security forces, while a score of 1 indicates opposition to these measures, advocating that existing laws and security forces are sufficient for maintaining public safety in Switzerland.

3. Extended Environmental Protection: The score reflects attitudes towards state-supported environmental measures, promotion of renewable energy sources, public transportation expansion, and restrictions on private motorized transport. It also encompasses views on animal welfare, biodiversity, native wildlife reintroduction, and conservation projects. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 indicates strong advocacy for extensive environmental and biodiversity protection measures, while a score of 1 prioritizes economic indicators over natural resource conservation.

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Liberal Economy is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.48/1, while the axis Law and Order is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.28/1 and the axis Extended Environmental Protection is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.24/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

There should be set up a platform (online calculator) listing fuel prices at service stations in Switzerland, which should in effect increase competition in this market and maintain price transparency against rising prices in the middle of a crises.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.