Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Liberal Economy: The score reflects views on privatization, state institution autonomy in essential services (e.g., healthcare, education, food supply), reducing restrictive regulations, promoting competition, and sector-specific subsidies. On a scale from 1 to 5, score of 5 indicates strong support for privatization and unrestricted competition in all sectors, while a score of 1 signifies advocating for state ownership and government-led production and services. 

2. Law and Order: The score reflects attitudes towards public safety measures, including government interventions, criminal law effectiveness, and personal self-defense rights. On a scale of 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests support for stricter laws and bolstered security forces, while a score of 1 indicates opposition to these measures, advocating that existing laws and security forces are sufficient for maintaining public safety in Switzerland.

3. Liberal Society: The score reflects attitudes towards personal lifestyle freedom, privacy protection, handling of taboo topics, and religious matters, including the role of religion and church for individuals and the state. It indicates the individual's stance on freedom of expression and belief, as well as the protection of privacy and personal data. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 implies support for unrestricted movement, expression, belief, and lifestyle choices, with rights to freedom protected by the state. Conversely, a score of 1 suggests advocating for complete state-imposed restrictions on freedom to safeguard societal structure and well-being. 

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Liberal Economy is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.38/1, while the axis Law and Order is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.33/1 and the axis Liberal Society is related to the referendum with a score of 0.29/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

Vacant housing rate is very low, and it is getting harder by the day to find affordable housing. Thus, the Code of Obligations (CO) needs to be amended by this referendum so that the amount of the previous tenant"s rent is communicated to the new tenant by means of an official form. Establishing more transparency in rents has a preventive effect and makes it easier for tenants to defend themselves against abusive rents.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.