Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Liberal Society: The score reflects attitudes towards personal lifestyle freedom, privacy protection, handling of taboo topics, and religious matters, including the role of religion and church for individuals and the state. It indicates the individual's stance on freedom of expression and belief, as well as the protection of privacy and personal data. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 implies support for unrestricted movement, expression, belief, and lifestyle choices, with rights to freedom protected by the state. Conversely, a score of 1 suggests advocating for complete state-imposed restrictions on freedom to safeguard societal structure and well-being.

2. Law and Order: The score reflects attitudes towards public safety measures, including government interventions, criminal law effectiveness, and personal self-defense rights. On a scale of 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests support for stricter laws and bolstered security forces, while a score of 1 indicates opposition to these measures, advocating that existing laws and security forces are sufficient for maintaining public safety in Switzerland.

3. Expanded Welfare State: The score reflects individuals' attitudes towards the extent and accessibility of state social benefits, as well as government social programs. It also encompasses perspectives on promoting private retirement savings and social responsibility. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests advocating for expanded and affordable public services across all areas, while a score of 1 indicates a belief that it's not the state's responsibility to provide such benefits, and individuals should be self-reliant. 

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Liberal Society is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.38/1, while the axis Law and Order is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.33/1 and the axis Expanded Welfare State is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.29/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

Conversion measures - also called "conversion therapy" aim to "convert" a persons homosexual tendency to heterosexual tendency or to change their gender identity. This practice is based on the idea that homosexuality and transgender identity are illnesses that can be cured with appropriate “treatments”. An explicit ban on such harmful actions is required by this referendum, accompanied by criminal sanctions and a ban on practicing, these would have a dissuasive and preventive effect, would limit the damage caused to victims.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.