Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Liberal Economy: The score reflects views on privatization, state institution autonomy in essential services (e.g., healthcare, education, food supply), reducing restrictive regulations, promoting competition, and sector-specific subsidies. On a scale from 1 to 5, score of 5 indicates strong support for privatization and unrestricted competition in all sectors, while a score of 1 signifies advocating for state ownership and government-led production and services.

2. Extended Environmental Protection: The score reflects attitudes towards state-supported environmental measures, promotion of renewable energy sources, public transportation expansion, and restrictions on private motorized transport. It also encompasses views on animal welfare, biodiversity, native wildlife reintroduction, and conservation projects. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 indicates strong advocacy for extensive environmental and biodiversity protection measures, while a score of 1 prioritizes economic indicators over natural resource conservation.

3. Restrictive Financial Policy: The score reflects the attitudes towards government spending proposals, including austerity measures, budget changes, and tax adjustments. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 indicates advocating for restricted spending across all sectors, while a score of 1 suggests advocating for increased government spending to enhance citizen access to services.

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Liberal Economy is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.38/1, while the axis Extended Environmental Protection is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.33/1 and the axis Restrictive Financial Policy is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.29/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

Due to the insecurity situation in Europe and its consequences on the Swiss economy, the Swiss government is responsible by this referendum for quickly taking measures to increase indigenous production by making new production areas available to agriculture, in particular by freeing up areas currently intended for fallow land and ecological contributions named also as the biodiversity areas.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.