Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 2 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Restrictive Immigration Policy: The score reflects attitudes towards foreign integration, immigration restrictions, naturalization policies, refugee and asylum policies, and foreign political rights. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 opposes foreign immigration, while 1 supports measures facilitating immigration and integration in Switzerland. 

2. Liberal Society: The score reflects attitudes towards personal lifestyle freedom, privacy protection, handling of taboo topics, and religious matters, including the role of religion and church for individuals and the state. It indicates the individual's stance on freedom of expression and belief, as well as the protection of privacy and personal data. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 implies support for unrestricted movement, expression, belief, and lifestyle choices, with rights to freedom protected by the state. Conversely, a score of 1 suggests advocating for complete state-imposed restrictions on freedom to safeguard societal structure and well-being. 

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Restrictive Immigration Policy is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.56/1, while the axis Liberal Society is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.44/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

The current Naturalization (procedure in which a foreigner that has been living in Switzerland gains Swiss citizenship) Rules have unrealistic expectations regarding the duration of stay in same canton or municipality. Considering the high mobility in the current era these rules should be loosened.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.