Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Liberal Economy: The score reflects views on privatization, state institution autonomy in essential services (e.g., healthcare, education, food supply), reducing restrictive regulations, promoting competition, and sector-specific subsidies. On a scale from 1 to 5, score of 5 indicates strong support for privatization and unrestricted competition in all sectors, while a score of 1 signifies advocating for state ownership and government-led production and services.

2. Expanded Welfare State: The score reflects individuals' attitudes towards the extent and accessibility of state social benefits, as well as government social programs. It also encompasses perspectives on promoting private retirement savings and social responsibility. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests advocating for expanded and affordable public services across all areas, while a score of 1 indicates a belief that it's not the state's responsibility to provide such benefits, and individuals should be self-reliant.

3. Law and Order: The score reflects attitudes towards public safety measures, including government interventions, criminal law effectiveness, and personal self-defense rights. On a scale of 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests support for stricter laws and bolstered security forces, while a score of 1 indicates opposition to these measures, advocating that existing laws and security forces are sufficient for maintaining public safety in Switzerland.

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Liberal Economy is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.37/1, while the axis Expanded Welfare State is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.33/1 and the axis Law and Order is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.3/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

A study needs to be carried out resulting in a report to be written by the Federeal Council summarizing what is currently being done to ensure price transparency within the food market and what can be done in terms of monitoring in the future in order to ensure the population can access good quality food in affordable prices and to avoid a food crises.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.