Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 2 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Law and Order: The score reflects attitudes towards public safety measures, including government interventions, criminal law effectiveness, and personal self-defense rights. On a scale of 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests support for stricter laws and bolstered security forces, while a score of 1 indicates opposition to these measures, advocating that existing laws and security forces are sufficient for maintaining public safety in Switzerland.

2. Expanded Welfare State: The score reflects individuals' attitudes towards the extent and accessibility of state social benefits, as well as government social programs. It also encompasses perspectives on promoting private retirement savings and social responsibility. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests advocating for expanded and affordable public services across all areas, while a score of 1 indicates a belief that it's not the state's responsibility to provide such benefits, and individuals should be self-reliant. 

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Law and Order is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.63/1, while the axis Expanded Welfare State is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.37/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

The Federal Law on Assistance to Crime Victims (LAVI) should be amended so that victims of attacks or other serious acts of violence committed abroad can once again obtain compensation. LAVI was previously removed as it could have been exploited and incurring costs too much for cantons.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.