Hi. I will be asking you about how different people should vote on a referendum text I will provide. The people I will ask voting recommendation for will be characterized by their scores in 3 different axes. I will now outline you the meaning and the range of scores of each axis.

1. Expanded Welfare State: The score reflects individuals' attitudes towards the extent and accessibility of state social benefits, as well as government social programs. It also encompasses perspectives on promoting private retirement savings and social responsibility. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 suggests advocating for expanded and affordable public services across all areas, while a score of 1 indicates a belief that it's not the state's responsibility to provide such benefits, and individuals should be self-reliant. 

2. Liberal Society: The score reflects attitudes towards personal lifestyle freedom, privacy protection, handling of taboo topics, and religious matters, including the role of religion and church for individuals and the state. It indicates the individual's stance on freedom of expression and belief, as well as the protection of privacy and personal data. On a scale from 1 to 5, a score of 5 implies support for unrestricted movement, expression, belief, and lifestyle choices, with rights to freedom protected by the state. Conversely, a score of 1 suggests advocating for complete state-imposed restrictions on freedom to safeguard societal structure and well-being. 

3. Liberal Economy: The score reflects views on privatization, state institution autonomy in essential services (e.g., healthcare, education, food supply), reducing restrictive regulations, promoting competition, and sector-specific subsidies. On a scale from 1 to 5, score of 5 indicates strong support for privatization and unrestricted competition in all sectors, while a score of 1 signifies advocating for state ownership and government-led production and services.

Previously, the referendum text is analyzed and it has found out that the axis Expanded Welfare State is the most related to the referendum with a score of 0.4/1, while the axis Liberal Society is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.32/1 and the axis Liberal Economy is related to the referendum with a relation score of 0.28/1. Now that you know about the axes, I will also provide a text summary of the referendum as well. 

The referendum proposes to amend the Equality Act so that all employers with a workforce of at least 50 workers at the start of a year carry out an internal equal pay analysis for that same year. Currently, the requirement is only for companies that are much bigger in size.

I will now give out the personal measurements in each axis in lists of people. I would be happy if you could provide analysis as  a few sentences and a final sentence as the person should vote 'yes' or 'no'. Please make sure your analysis and reasoning are sound, coherent, unbiased and inline with the referendum, measurements, axis descriptions and relevance of axes.